README: relocate update API instructions and example (#1124)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: sources/updater/README.md

- updog: update client that interfaces with a TUF repository to find and apply updates
- signpost: helper tool to update partition priority flags
- Bottlerocket update operator (brupop): an optional component that coordinates node updates with the rest of the cluster

> - Bottlerocket update API: a set of API endpoints that facilitates stateful updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bottlerocket update API: a set of API calls for checking and starting system updates
```

Reviewer: nit: maybe the start of each line in this table of contents should be a link to the section?

Once an update has been successfully written to the inactive partition, Updog calls the Signpost utility.
This updates the priority bits in the GUID partition table of each partition and swaps the "active" and "inactive" partitions.
For more information see [Signpost](signpost/)

## Update API

> The [Bottlerocket API](../../README.md#api) allows you to update and reboot your host with simple API calls.  You can change [settings](../../README.md#updates-settings) to control which updates are selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Bottlerocket API](../../README.md#api) allows you to update and reboot your host.  You can change [settings](../../README.md#updates-settings) to control which updates will be selected.
```

> `thar-be-updates` is the component driving the update actions in the background, you can read more about it [here](../api/thar-be-updates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[thar-be-updates](../api/thar-be-updates) is the component driving the update actions in the background.
```

> In general, the process of using the update API looks like this.  You refresh the list of known updates, then apply one to the system.  Calls to `/updates/status` will tell you the current state and give more details on any errors.
> 
> ![Update API overview](../api/update_api.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, the process of using the update API looks like this:

![Update API overview](../api/update_api.png)

You refresh the list of known updates, then apply one to the system.
Calls to `/updates/status` will tell you the current state and give more details on any errors.

### Walkthrough
```

First, refresh the list of available updates:
```
apiclient -u /actions/refresh-updates -m POST
```

Now you can see the list of available updates, along with the chosen update, according to your `version-lock` [setting](../../README.md#updates-settings):
```
apiclient -u /updates/status
```

This will return the current update status in JSON format. The status should look something like the following (pretty-printed):
```
{
  "update_state": "Available",
  "available_updates": [
    "0.4.0",
    "0.3.4",
    ...
  ],
  "chosen_update": {
    "arch": "x86_64",
    "version": "0.4.0",
    "variant": "aws-k8s-1.15"
  },
  "active_partition": {
    "image": {
      "arch": "x86_64",
      "version": "0.3.2",
      "variant": "aws-k8s-1.15"
    },
    "next_to_boot": true
  },
  "staging_partition": null,
  "most_recent_command": {
    "cmd_type": "refresh",
    "cmd_status": "Success",
    ...
  }
}
```

You can see that we're running `v0.3.2` in the active partition, and that `v0.4.0` is available.

> If you're happy with that selection, you can request that the update be downloaded and applied to disk.  (The update will remain inactive until you make the `activate-update` call below.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're happy with that selection, you can request that the update be downloaded and applied to disk.
(The update will remain inactive until you make the `activate-update` call below.)
```

```
apiclient -u /actions/prepare-update -m POST
```

After you request that the update be prepared, you can check the update status again until it reflects the new version in the staging partition.
```
apiclient -u /updates/status
```

If the staging partition shows the new version, you can proceed to "activate" the update.

> This means that as soon as the host is rebooted it will try to run the new version.  (If the new version can't boot, we automatically flip back to the old version.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that as soon as the host is rebooted it will try to run the new version.
(If the new version can't boot, we automatically flip back to the old version.)
```

Once an update has been successfully written to the inactive partition, Updog calls the Signpost utility.
This updates the priority bits in the GUID partition table of each partition and swaps the "active" and "inactive" partitions.
For more information see [Signpost](signpost/)

## Update API
The [Bottlerocket API](../../README.md#api) allows you to update and reboot your host.  You can change [settings](../../README.md#updates-settings) to control which updates will be selected.

[thar-be-updates](../api/thar-be-updates) is the component driving the update actions in the background.

In general, the process of using the update API looks like this:
![Update API overview](../api/update_api.png)

You refresh the list of known updates, then apply one to the system.

> Calls to `/updates/status` will tell you the current state and give more details on any errors.
> ### Walkthrough

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calls to `/updates/status` will tell you the current state and give more details on any errors.

### Walkthrough
```
